Friar George's prepared spells and known cantrips.

	Cantrips:

Guidance: 1 act, touch, VS, concentration up to 1m; You touch one willing creature. Once before the spell ends, the target can roll a d4 and add the number rolled to one ability check of its choice. It can roll the die before or after making the ability check. The spell then ends.

Mending: 1m, touch, VSM(2 lodestones); This spell repairs a single break or tear in an object you touch, such as a broken chain link, two halves of a broken key, a torn cloak, or a leaking wineskin. As long as the break or tear is no larger than 1 foot in any dimension, you mend it, leaving no trace of the former damage. This spell can physically repair a magic item or construct, but the spell can't restore magic to such an object.

Sacred Flame: 1 act, 60ft, VS; Flame-like radiance descends on a creature that you can see within range. The target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 1d8 radiant damage. The target gains no benefit from cover for this saving throw. The spell's damage increases by 1d8 when you reach 5th level (2d8), 11th level (3d8), and 17th level (4d8).

	1st level Spells:

Bless: 1 act, 30ft, VSM(holy water), concentration up to 1m; You bless up to three creatures of your choice within range. Whenever a target makes an attack roll or a saving throw before the spell ends, the target can roll a d4 and add the number rolled to the attack roll or saving throw. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, you can target one additional creature for each slot level above 1st.

Command: 1 act, 60ft, V, 1 round; You speak a one-word command to a creature you can see within range. The target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or follow the command on its next turn. The spell has no effect if the target is undead, if it doesn't understand your language, or if your command is directly harmful to it. Some typical commands and their effects follow. You might issue a command other than one described here. If you do so, the DM determines how the target behaves. If the target can't follow your command, the spell ends.
- Approach. The target moves toward you by the shortest and most direct route, ending its turn if it moves within 5 feet of you.
- Drop. The target drops whatever it is holding and then ends its turn.
- Flee. The target spends its turn moving away from you by the fastest available means.
- Grovel. The target falls prone and then ends its turn.
- Halt. The target doesn't move and takes no actions. A flying creature stays aloft, provided that it is able to do so. If it must move to stay aloft, it flies the minimum distance needed to remain in the air.
When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, you can affect one additional creature for each slot level above 1st. The creatures must be within 30 feet of each other when you target them.

Cure wounds: 1 act, touch, VS; A creature you touch regains a number of hit points equal to 1d8 + your spellcasting ability modifier. This spell has no effect on undead or constructs. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, the healing increases by 1d8 for each slot level above 1st.

Detect Poison and Disease: (ritual), 1 act, self, VSM(yew leaf), concentration up to 10m; For the duration, you can sense the presence and location of poisons, poisonous creatures, and diseases within 30 feet of you. You also identify the kind of poison, poisonous creature, or disease in each case. The spell can penetrate most barriers, but it is blocked by 1 foot of stone, 1 inch of common metal, a thin sheet of lead, or 3 feet of wood or dirt.

Protection from Evil and Good: 1 act, touch, VSM(holy water or powdered silver and iron, which the spell consumes), concentration up to 10m; Until the spell ends, one willing creature you touch is protected against certain types of creatures: aberrations, celestials, elementals, fey, fiends, and undead. The protection grants several benefits. Creatures of those types have disadvantage on attack rolls against the target. The target also can't be charmed, frightened, or possessed by them. If the target is already charmed, frightened, or possessed by such a creature, the target has advantage on any new saving throw against the relevant effect.

Shield of Faith: 1 bonus act, 60ft, VSM(small parchment with bit of holy text written on it), concentration up to 10m; A shimmering field appears and surrounds a creature of your choice within range, granting it a +2 bonus to AC for the duration.
